NAME
    TaskForest - A simple but expressive job scheduler that allows you to
    chain jobs/tasks and create time dependencies. Uses text config files to
    specify task dependencies.

VERSION
    This is version 1.27.

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
    With the TaskForest Job Scheduler you can:

    *   schedule jobs run at predetermined times

    *   have jobs be dependent on each other

    *   rerun failed jobs

    *   mark jobs as succeeded or failed

    *   check the status of all jobs scheduled to run today

    *   interact with the included web service using your own client code

    *   interact with the included web server using your default browser

    *   express the relationships between jobs using a simple text-based
        format (a big advantage if you like using 'grep')

SYNOPSIS
    Over the years TaskForest has migrated from a collection of simple perl
    modules to a full-fledged system. I have found that putting the
    documentation in a single POD is getting much more difficult. You can
    now find the latest documetation on the TaskForest website located at

     http://www.taskforest.com

    If you run the included web server, you will also find a complete copy
    of the documentation on the included web site.

BUGS
    For an up-to-date bug listing and to submit a bug report, please send an
    email to the TaskForest Discussion Mailing List at "taskforest-discuss
    at lists dot sourceforge dot net"

SUPPORT
    For support, please visit our website at http://www.taskforest.com/ or
    send an email to the TaskForest Discussion Mailing List at
    "taskforest-discuss at lists dot sourceforge dot net"

AUTHOR
    Aijaz A. Ansari http://www.taskforest.com/

    If you're using this program, I would love to hear from you. Please send
    an email to the TaskForest Discussion Mailing List at
    "taskforest-discuss at lists dot sourceforge dot net" and let me know
    what you think of it.

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
    Many thanks to the following for their help and support:

    *   SourceForge

    *   Rosco Rouse

    *   Svetlana Lemeshov

    I would also like to thank Randal L. Schwartz for teaching the readers
    of the Feb 1999 issue of Web Techniques how to write a pre-forking web
    server, the code upon which the TaskForest Web server is built.

    I would also like to thank the fine developers at Yahoo! for providing
    yui to the open source community.

COPYRIGHT
    This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
    under the same terms as Perl itself - specifically, the Artistic
    License.

    The full text of the license can be found in the LICENSE file included
    with this module.

SEE ALSO
    perl(1).

